Hiep how deep in the middle do you want
me to go after I've done the deny scat
whoa what's it how deep do you want me
to go into the middle um no sound like
there you got to keep him the hell away
from us
I heard that careful fight
watch it out bachelor coming back
watch out you 50 keys not burning luck
perfect all right already take them out
lead bachelors
get that one down
this one right here to finish him off
still got 15 seconds
don't feel too far around that corner 55
yeah
I shot this up all right whichever one
you have the next shot what I can't
really tell right now and let me get in
front of you I actually finished this
one out if you have a chance back up a
little bit I'd heavy they're all this
from the book should we rerun X X rerun
rerun you can't be this far back we need
you up there should the fuck room can't
let them know we can't that chance
already Goods about it yeah just get a
rear econ coming up in three two one
there's dude they're coming hard self
alright
North group go ahead and push around
t110 come back to spawn
same with proud pack you get back to
spawn as well we could try yeah Jam now
engage both targets turgut's
already on this one
check that already on this one right
here finish him off 7m b55 get that flux
Idol
- at base this guy next 50-day gotta do
all get in spawn same at the betcha can
shooting still unaccounted for remember
user joined your channel right here
finishing off good job
next we'll get the the next lowest guy
the seventy nine one eight point guy
right here I'm sorry that's all the
channel Roger we got any knowledge of
authority presence all right get the get
the thirteen hundred 101 back and spawn
I can't tell him any more so get back
death the one you to see I'm reloading
and I'm moving before this round but I'm
gonna get all ready fire real soon do
you want to go fifty-fifty fuck you may
have to die just get in there and yeah
turn that can haul hip I'm just rotating
two targets right now yep do it which
one should I hit I can get half our
right one among cuz it's too far right
one the 997 I percept amount seven one
the bat-jets in cap go ahead and get
their people and everybody else keep the
cat or yeah they keep giving us sides I
just didn't finish on this one
finish off yeah there you go just finish
all other shot out there
slow down 15 seconds when I got shots
real any unfortunate bounce should you
talk you're on fire put up the fire I
don't have a solution see what times God
okay cap points dope up
nice work gentlemen good stuff
desperate gates well we were well
prepared for that well handles guys yeah
next time you can bottleneck that easy
cuz there's a very short choke point for
them coming up that ramp just get in
their face turn sideways block the shit
out of them slow seven right by me none
of them shot me